I think that my friends know me to be a cynical, sarcastic person. The
small collection of UCLA course reviews I've written over the years
seems to confirm this judgment. Looking back, my favorite reviews have
all been long essays deconstructing and ruthlessly criticising courses
that I found flawed.

This is not one of those reviews. I bring this up to establish
a baseline of my typical attitude towards UCLA courses.

Dr. Sahai is a truly outstanding professor, not only in the typical
sense of "very good", but in the literal sense of being a clear
positive outlier.  Dr. Sahai has an amazing ability to present
profound, complicated ideas in an understandable way without
destroying their essence. Together with the energetic class
discussions lead by Dr. Sahai -- which were more effective and lively
than in any other course I've taken -- this has made Dr. Sahai's
lectures truly worth my while. The last lecture in particular, about
Godel's Incompleteness Theorems, was one of the best lectures I've
ever attended.

Furthermore, and I'm sure the TAs deserve praise for this as well, the
homework problems tie into & support the topics presented in lecture
very well. They, along with the lecture problems and even exam
questions, are clearly written and often-times thought provoking.
In-person, Dr. Sahai is approachable and seems to care deeply about
student learning. So, CS 181 has been one of the most valuable and
enjoyable courses I've taken, both inside and outside the classroom.
